assign n roles to n character cards
n players
witnesses: players / 2 + 1
murders: players - witnesses

assign n texts to each character card
text cards have dependencies
draw a dependency graph


clues: "You have evidence that ..."

(role clue) A and B are equally trustworthy.They must work together.
(role clue) A and B are on opposite teams.One of them is a murderer.


(role clue) exactly one of A, B and C is a murder.
(role clue) exactly one of A, B and C is innocent.


(role clue) exactly two of A, B and C is a murder.
(role clue) exactly two of A, B and C is innocent.


(role clue) at most one of A, B and C is a murder.
(role clue) at most one of A, B and C is innocent.

(role clue) at most two of A, B and C is a murder.
(role clue) at most two of A, B and C is innocent.

(role clue) at least one of A, B and C is a murder.
(role clue) at least one of A and B is a murder.
(role clue) at least one of A, B and C is innocent.
(role clue) at least one of A and B is innocent.


(meta clue) the clue given to A is invalid.It may or may not be true. 
(meta clue) the clue given to A is false. It cannot be true. 

(meta clue) At least one of A and B has a clue that is strictly wrong. 

it is important that all clues have equal probability of being drawn
proposal: 
Distribute roles
Distribute role/meta clues without content
Order the list: meta clues, then role clues
Point meta clues to players
Now it is decided which players should have invalid and false clues.
Traverse through all meta clues starting from the roots of the meta clues graph.

If an invalid-> clue is determined invalid, then what they point to should not be affected
If an invalid-> clue is determined false, then what they point to should not be affected
If a false-> clue is determined invalid, then what they point to should not be affected
If a false-> clue is determined false, then what they point to should not be affected
That means, skip all meta clues marked as false or invalid. 


If an innocent clue is marked false, then they must both be murderers. 


abstract class clue
void Negate();
void Invalidate();
string GetDescription();

abstract class metaClue : clue

clue GetPointer();